What are the V4 to V5 Conversions?

1. If converting a saved .wxt file, copy the previous WP Custom CSS settings to the current theme settings.

2. Convert the old, obsolete One-Step Layout settings.

   Full Width - Expand to Full width: Set Header and Footer to "Extend BG to Full width" alignment. Convert primary and secondary menus to "Align Full, Items Center" if previously left or center, or "Align Full, Items Right" if previously right. You may want to consider tweaking this automatic conversion.

   Stretched - Expand to full width: Set Header and Footer to "Align Full". Set primary and secondary menus to Center.

   Other "Extend BG Attributes to Full Width" settings set to "Extend BG to Full width" alignment. Note that "Extend BG to Full width" alignment" is accomplished with JavaScript, and can lead to brief but possibly visually detectable screen refresh flashes in the browser. This behavior has been in V4 all along, so this is not a degradation in performance.

   The "Extend BG Color" option will remain supported for now, but that is strictly for backward compatibility. This "full width" uses CSS tricks to extend the BG color, and used to be about the only way to get full width layouts.

   Other "Stretch Areas (Expand)" options are converted to "Align Full". Align Full does not style exactly the same as Stretch, but in most cases is entirely unnoticeable. It is possible to have a bit of text from widgets on the left margins be slightly clipped. That can be fixed with adding margins or padding to the affected widget areas.

   The theme settings known as WP theme_mods remains in the "theme_mods_weaver-extreme" as before, so any menu assignments or widget area assignments, as well as WP Custom CSS settings will be untouched.

   Note that the WP "theme_mods" mechanism is the real reason you often lose menu and widget assignments when you switch themes. The menu definitions and individual widget values remain - it is just the assignments to specific menus or widget areas that get "lost".

   Also note that Weaver Xtreme V5 options are now saved in the WordPress database "options" table named 'weaverx5_settings', while your old V4 settings will remain in the "options" table as 'weaverx_settings'.

   The generated CSS files for the editors and the CSS override file are saved in the /wp-content/uploads/weaverx5-subthemes directory instead of /weaverx-subthemes.

   There is no converter for V5 settings back to V4 settings, although the .wxt file format has not changed, and V4 should be able to read those files generated by V5. Any new options you may have used from V5 will not be recognized by V4.
